Updated snapshot manager driver help to include new features (#249)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs-connectors: connector/doc/NHK_Snapshot_Manager.md

This page displays the Debug Connectors Management table, which lists the debug connectors uploaded via the [protocol debug tools](https://aka.dataminer.services/Protocol_debug_tools) or the Snapshot Manager itself. These connectors are used to create debug elements.

If you upload a debug connector using the protocol debug tools, make sure to append the value that is set in the **Connector Version Extension**. If the value is `debug`, append `-debug`. Additionally, make sure to select "Remove Sequence" (available from version 1.0.0.6 onwards).

Via **Delete Debug Connector Version**, you can remove a debug connector version.

### Debug Connector Configuration

This page is used to configure the creation of the debug connector. You can also directly create a debug connector here.

- **Add Write Parameters**: If this option is enabled, the debug protocol will be modified to include write parameters for all read parameters in the protocol.
- **Mark Parameters as Saved**: If this option is enabled, the debug protocol will be modified to mark all parameters as saved.
- **Connector**: This dropdown lists all the connectors that a debug connector can be created for.

> - **Connector Version Extension**: This parameter specifies the debug connector version. The debug connector version will be appended with `-debug`.

Reviewer: Is this parameter name correct? It seems odd that the parameter specifying the version, to which the extension will be appended, should itself be called "Connector Version Extension".

Reviewer: This means that this parameter is present both on the General page and the Debug Connector Configuration page – is this correct?
Based on the explanation higher up, I'd rephrase this as follows then:

```suggestion
- **Connector Version Extension**: This parameter specifies the debug connector version extension, which will be appended to the debug connector version.
```

Author: Yes, the parameter is present in both pages.

I think it would be a good idea to let the user know what the default value of this parameter is:
```suggestion
- **Connector Version Extension**: This parameter specifies the debug connector version extension. By default, it is set to `debug`, and it will be appended to the debug connector version.
```
